add condition in sql/mongo tracker store in additional_events when retrieve_events_from_previous_conversation_sessions is true (#8258)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/8258.bugfix.md

> Fixed the bug that events from previous conversation sessions would be re-saved in the SQL or Mongo tracker stores when `retrieve_events_from_previous_conversation_sessions` was true. 

Reviewer: how about adding a link to the tracker store docs?

Author: ```suggestion
Fixed the bug that events from previous conversation sessions would be re-saved in the [`SQLTrackerStore`](https://rasa.com/docs/rasa/tracker-stores#sqltrackerstore) or [`MongoTrackerStore`](https://rasa.com/docs/rasa/tracker-stores#mongotrackerstore) when `retrieve_events_from_previous_conversation_sessions` was true. 
```

Reviewer: let's use the `.mdx` references as in the other changelogs instead of the absolute paths.

Author: ```suggestion
Fixed the bug that events from previous conversation sessions would be re-saved in the [`SQLTrackerStore`](./tracker-stores.mdx#sqltrackerstore) or [`MongoTrackerStore`](./tracker-stores.mdx#mongotrackerstore) when `retrieve_events_from_previous_conversation_sessions` was true. 
```

> Fixed the bug that events from previous conversation sessions would be re-saved in the [`SQLTrackerStore`](https://rasa.com/docs/rasa/tracker-stores#sqltrackerstore) or [`MongoTrackerStore`](https://rasa.com/docs/rasa/tracker-stores#mongotrackerstore) when `retrieve_events_from_previous_conversation_sessions` was true. 

Author: grr these musta changed back during the rebase oops
